Jeremy Johnson:
      Main Menu: In the project I started out creating the main Menu. My main issue with it was rendering the canvas so that the UI
   was perfectly proportional to any size screen. Audio was another key to the menu, with a Doom audio ambiance that gave you chills
   before starting your game. Buttons were created and although there are three different buttons for single player, multiplayer, and
   settings, any you click on will send you to the single player mode. With so much more that was wanting to be done for a great UI,
   these were the main keys to the menu. 
   
      Single Player: Inside single player I implemented many parts of the UI, such as the castle architecture, statue and its placement. A time-
   consuming part of the project was creating the score and implementing it to increase from various instances such as kills and levels 
   completed. After the score was done I then placed its dynamic string to the screen for the player to see his or her progress, along with the
   level of the game. The last thing I've completed with the single player gameplay was adding the images for the buttons of our power-ups.
   
      After The UI for the gameplay was complete, I then moved on to the pause button. I wanted to make the pause interface similar to any
    other shooting game by showing the players kills and other attributes you wouldn't necessarily see during gameplay. The rough part
    about that part was stopping the scene completely and adding all of the features while the pause button was active such as main menu
    buttons, darkening the screen, adding dynamic scores and kills, and also things like the unpause button. This was my least favorite
    part of the project just because it took a little more time and thinking than the rest.
    
      Once the pause endeavour was complete, I then started working on the Audio for every aspect of single player mode that I felt should
    have some sort of sound effect. I created Audio objects for background music, shooting sounds, power-up sound effects, to even a 
    clicking sound for the buttons you pressed for main menu and such. The thing I would mention about my experiences with the audio
    would be how I had fun creating them and learning trivia such as the wilhelm scream. Yes, the wilhelm scream is the sound
    effect for when you die.


Justin Butler:

      I first started the project by importing all previous assets that I have used before although only a couple of them are actually being used.
